but the best way to decide whether or
not something actually exists is whether
or not it is referred to by our best
explanations is what David says so our
best explanation of how matter Works
requires us to believe I believe
requires us to invoke the existence of
atoms of particles
and those particles are made up of
protons neutrons and electrons so we
committed to the idea that electrons
really do exist we can't get away with
explaining physical reality without
referring to electrons
now when it comes to something like
ghosts well none of our best
explanations of anything require us
to speak in terms of ghosts people might
think they've seen ghosts but that is
not a good explanation
usually in those situations what has
happened is that people have simply made
mistakes